TODO
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Add icon support in program menu
Add icon support in window menu

Add EWMH panel support
  --  Add gnome panel support
  --  Use workspace list/workspace names/client list/skip taskbar/skip pager

Make the theme images the minimum size so that dynamically sized widgets regions are more easily placed.
Also makes finding the minimum size simpler (as it is theme dependent).

Load the fonts from theme


Allow windows to be "global".

Window types.
  --  Make dialog boxes not show the title menu or the selection indicator. (Can have focus) 
      (floating/centered)
  --  Make utility windows not show the selection indicator. (can have focus) (title/wherever)
  --  Make unresizable windows have thinner borders/no resize indicator. (floating/centered)
  
Extended window manager hints support - see EWMH_SUPPORT
  --  Add support to horizontally/vertically maximized windows. 
  --  Respect the win_gravity field of the WM_Normal_hints

Improve the tiling mode.
  --  Make a "disabled" look for the tiling mode pulldown to indicate that it isn't currently tiling when being moved.
  --  Save the free spaces for each workspace.  This can then be used for the title menu and the EWMH desktop geometry.

Make the Window menu, title menu and mode menu indicate if a window can fit (icon?)
   Add free spaces to each workspace so that tiled items that won't fit can be recovered.
   Make things in the title menu that don't fit on each other look disabled.
   Add "make untilable windows in window menu look disabled"
   
Use one way resize cursor or no cursor as indicators for min/max in resize_frame
  
  
Keyboard commands
  Add alt+tabbing navigation of program menu (just pop it up as usual)
  Add ctrl+tabbing of window menu (good if the window is fullscreen or something)
  Add shift+tabbing of title menu?
  "Start menu" button can be the links menu,
  "context menu" button can be the tool menu
  right click for options menu
  

Add hover support

Support multiple screens

Make the pulldown menus have a defined cursor but make it a cancel symbol outside of the pulldown menu,
to indicate that the click will be used to cancel the pulldown.

Make "Tool" menu work
  -- resize window cursor
  -- move window cursor
  

